Arguments and Parameters:-
    1. Arguments -> real value jo hum dete hai func chalate waqt
    2. Parameters -> variables jinme value store hoti hai argument vali 


Arrays:-
    1. push(x) -> adds x at the last of the array.
    2. pop() -> removes the last element of the array.
    3. unshift(x) -> adds x at the beginning of the array.
    4. shift() -> removes a value from the beginning of the array.
    5. splice(x, y) -> removes y values from xth index.

    push and unshift removes the new length of the array but pop and shift returns the removed element.


Objects:-
    1. In Objects, keys are known as props/properties while the keys having a value as function are known as methods. 


Var, let and const:-
    There are some features which JS doesn't have but it can use features from window which is a box of features given by browser to use with JS.


Conversion Operations:-
    NaN:-
        console.log(0 / 0);      // NaN
        console.log("hello" * 5); // NaN
        console.log(Math.sqrt(-1)); // NaN
        These operations cannot produce a valid numeric result, so JavaScript returns NaN.

    Value         After converting to number
    33                      33
    "33abc"                 NaN
    true                     1
    false                    0
    null                     0
    undefined                NaN
    "Lakshay"                NaN

    In ("1" + 2 + 2) all the values will be converted to string and concatenate while in (1 + 2 + "2") 1 and 2 gets added and 3 get concatenate with 2 and become 32.


Comparison:-
    In ("02" > 1) javascript automatically converts "02" to 2 and gives the output true but this does not give correct output always. So, We avoid comparing different data types values.

    In (null > 0) and (null >= 0) javascript converts null to numeric value 0 while in (null == 0) it does not.


Datatypes summary:-
    javascript is a dynamically typed language.
    data type of null is object.

    All the primitive values go to stack and creates a copy if we assign it to another variable, while the non-primitive variables store at the stack memory but take reference from the heap memory and once a change is done it the heap memory it will be changed everywhere.
    

String:-
    length is a property not a function, so we don't use () after length.
    substring() and slice() excludes the end index character. slice() supports negative values while substring() don't.
    substring() swaps values i.e. substring(5, 2) will become substring(2, 5) while slice don't. substring() converts invalid values to 0 while splice() keeps behavior consitent with array slicing.


Arrays:-
    push() change the whole array for future, but concat() returns the concatenated array but doesn't change the original array.


Scopes:- 
    By default, a variable has "var" type if we do not assign it anything.
    var is global scoped, while let and const are block scoped.

Truthy:- 
    ?? is known as Nullish Coalescing Operator while ? is known as ternary operator.